Update README.md (#34)
newrelic/logstash-output-plugin: README.md

* Search New Relic Logs for `"test message"`

## Community

New Relic hosts and moderates an online forum where customers can interact with New Relic employees as well as other customers to get help and share best practices. Like all official New Relic open source projects, there's a related Community topic in the New Relic Explorers Hub: [Log forwarding](https://discuss.newrelic.com/tag/log-forwarding)

## A note about vulnerabilities

As noted in our [security policy](../../security/policy), New Relic is committed to the privacy and security of our customers and their data. We believe that providing coordinated disclosure by security researchers and engaging with the security community are important means to achieve our security goals.

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this project or any of New Relic's products or websites, we welcome and greatly appreciate you reporting it to New Relic through [HackerOne](https://hackerone.com/newrelic).

If you would like to contribute to this project, review [these guidelines](https://opensource.newrelic.com/code-of-conduct/).

## License

> newrelic-fluent-bit-output is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logstash-output-plugin is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) License.
```
